feat(changelog): sql-databases-added-extension-support 2024-10-14 (#3836)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/october2024/2024-10-14-sql-databases-added-extension-support.mdx

---
title: Extension Support
status: added
author:
    fullname: ''
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-10-14
category: serverless
product: sql-databases
---

> Serverless SQL Databases now supports PostgreSQL Extensions. Supported Extensions include pgvector, PostGIS, timescaledb and [many others](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/sql-databases/reference-content/supported-postgresql-extensions/#supported-extensions) and can be activate using [CREATE EXTENSION](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/sql-databases/reference-content/supported-postgresql-extensions/) command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless SQL Databases now supports PostgreSQL extensions. Supported extensions include pgvector, PostGIS, timescaledb and [many others](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/sql-databases/reference-content/supported-postgresql-extensions/#supported-extensions). They can be activated using the [CREATE EXTENSION](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/sql-databases/reference-content/supported-postgresql-extensions/) command.
```
